NEXT-17832 - document theme inheritance (#445)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/themes/theme-configuration.md

```
{% endcode %}

## Config inheritance

> 

Reviewer: Since this is a new "feature", could you please add a hint at this place?

```
{% endcode %}

## Config inheritance

The `configInheritance` option let you configure additional themes from which your theme will inherit its fields 
configuration. Every theme always inherit the fields from the `Storefront` standard theme. With this option you can 
add additional other themes. For example, you can have a basic theme for your coporate design and special themes for 

> different saleschannels with specific changes only needed for a single saleschannel.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
different sales channels with specific changes only needed for a single sales channel.  
```

{% code title="<plugin root>/src/Resources/theme.json" %}
```javascript
{
  ...
  "configInheritance": [
     "@Storefront", 
     "@BasicTheme"
   ]
  ...
}
```
{% endcode %}

In this example the `BasicTheme` is a theme that adds all the configurations you need for your corporate design. 
This configurations will be inherited in your new theme which can add or change some configurations only needed in a 

> special saleschannel or for a special time. See [Theme inheritance](../plugins/themes/add-theme-inheritance.md) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
special sales channel or for a special time. See [Theme inheritance](../plugins/themes/add-theme-inheritance.md) 
```
Once again, not sure.

> for a more detailed example.  

Reviewer 2: Maybe something additional like... ?

All configuration fields and their values from the mentioned themes in `configInheritance ` are available inside the current theme, unless they are explicitly overwritten. This way custom themes can be extended without copying their configuration inside the `theme.json`.
